this is a true story in a primeval
forest when he woke up
he discovered he had a very large lump
on his head it seemed like it has
something moving inside
he took the knife to cut it out he
slashed a line on his skin and hit
something
furthermore it was moving under his skin
he felt immense pain so he didn't want
to continue
but he still also felt something
crawling in his head he was very scared
no other way he had to continue to cut
open the wound put his finger in and
pulled out a feeking worm
this man is jay he and his friends went
to the primary forest to explore
it all started last week they have heard
the news out of nowhere that there is a
huge amount of gold deep in the forest
it is enough for them to live carefree
for the rest of their lives so they
became greedy
preparing all the tools to enter the
primeval forest after several days of
struggling
they assumed that they had entered the
deepest part of the forest carl wanted
to give up
at that moment suddenly in the woods
there was a very loud sigh
and it drew closer and closer to them a
farmer took a cow out that almost scared
them to death
in the deep forest anything can happen
it turned out that they were still
walking around here
they went to a tribe and picked up a
small piece of gold from the river
this prompted them to go deeper into the
forest there are animals here so there
was no need to worry about food
the captain shot down the monkey after
that everyone enjoyed eating and
drinking
as the week passed they began to have
conflicts in the end
they decided to build a wooden raft and
they would follow the water stream to go
deeper into the forest faster
only halfway to go the captain decided
to give up carl did not want to
sacrifice his life in vain
he also left with the captain the group
of four people now only have jay and
kelvin left
they persistently searched for gold they
were safe for the next three days
suddenly the stream was swift they saw
the waterfall in front of them
but the river was dark and they could
not react in time their grass was
smashing
a rock they held onto a raft in front of
their eyes but they could not pass
now there are only two options a swim
through or dead helvin swam desperately
when jay was about to swim over the
water causing him to fall down
the water swept him away nearly 10
kilometers after waking up
he did not know where he was the tools
were washed away by the water
he followed the cliff by the river and
climbed upwards the only thought he has
right then was to quickly find his
friends
he knew that kelvin was also looking for
him a day later he saw another
teammate's exploration tool
he tried his best and finally he pulled
it up along the riverbank
he ran forward the second time he woke
up jay had a lump on his head
he cut open the wound put his finger in
and caught a creature that looked like
an earthworm
he treated the wound and then continued
on his way seeing the tree being cut
down by a human
he screamed for help but received no
reply seeing the green eggs he was very
hungry so he picked them up and smashed
them
inside of it was a baby bird without
hesitation he slipped it straight into
his mouth
threw the eggshell away and continued
moving he came to a tribe where there
was no trace of human activity
at night jay took off his socks his feet
were badly injured
due to the lack of timely treatment the
wound was still bleeding
so he has to rest for a while jay
started to regret it
his life in the city was not so good but
why did he want to explore the deep
forest
he prayed
so
unable to move to another place the next
day when some people went fishing
they saw kelvin and they took him to the
village kelvin repeatedly reported that
his teammates were still stuck in the
woods
so he started searching by helicopter at
the same time jay heard the helicopter
but it flew too fast
kelvin reached out to the leader of the
search and said they were flying too
high to find anyone
the leader told kelvin that he did not
want to waste fuel no other way
kelvin paid dearly to buy a boat and
then began to go into the woods with a
man in the village
jay began to hallucinate because of
loneliness and despair because he was
not careful
he fell into a swamp very quickly he was
only left with the head above
he did not dare move and grip the nearby
tree branch prayed that it won't break
gradually he crawled up fortunately the
branch was tough
his body has many injuries he took off
his clothes to let the red ants bite all
over his body to maintain alertness
the pain will make him physically and
mentally clearer he did not stop running
but hallucinations were present he went
to the riverbank to get bamboo to form
an ex to wait for someone to help him
a turtle crawled towards jay he intended
to pick up a stone to kill it to eat but
he couldn't do it
on the 19th day kelvin and the man found
jay's sign but could not find him
the two of them left jay woke up from
the mud and saw kelvin
but he couldn't call the friend's name
the land filled with mud made him become
one with this place
he crawled as hard as he could to get up
hoping for kelvin to see him
but kelvin did not turn around jay was
desperate
at last kelvin saw him his weak body
made him fall down heavily
jay's whole body was full of injuries he
shed tears how pitiful did he look
the four people on the expedition were
left with only two people are always
curious about what they do not know
even at the expense of their own lives